hi there, you are on the look channel
at my fashion
and today I decided to do something like
photo video
albums with beach outfits and let's start
perhaps with swimsuits it probably
main beach outfit
Now very fashionable swimsuits inflated
tare and but unfortunately so far
no, and swimsuits of this style will be
Looks very good as a girl with
good figure so on the figures with
belly he will hide it so what
concerns my bathing he absolutely
the usual cut, I urge everyone on the beach
look bright and also years old and so i
chose a blue pea swimsuit with
red straps and bows 7 and
the red ones go well well and i think
you just need to have two
swimsuit on the beach and this summer I am again
same bright yellow color
seasons go on a swimsuit is very simple
but with an unusual texture and decorate it
two very cute pollock bow
everyone probably has this problem
what's the walk to the beach in a bathing suit or
impulses it's somehow simple therefore
I suggest everyone to buy for such
tunics desirable not too bright colors
eg
turquoise like mine are awesome cool
bright poppies on one will look
shoulder over a swimsuit
and regular denim shorts and remember
beat a too simple image on the beach
always help bright bandage
they are in a huge variety
represented by xi trying for example
She certainly will not save you from the sun
hitting well, you will definitely look at the beach
brighter than others
Well, this is a very simple outfit shorts and
sandals shirt of subdued tones
this outfit can be worn at the end of the rest
when you're already pretty tired of
insatiable looks and compliment well and
a couple of party outfits at the hotel
some shoes a small clutch bag through
shoulder you just have to take with you
relaxation
but if you don't like the party all
equally take one of the best your tour
the campaign comes repent well and that's it
I hope my advice was useful to someone
write in the comments what you go on
the beach is not very interesting until all whole
until
si